header injection modifications (#62)
mulesoft/docs-visualizer: modules/ROOT/pages/standalone-mule-setup.adoc

== Install Agent

To support Anypoint Visualizer for standalone Mule deployments, install the xref:monitoring::am-installing.adoc[Anypoint Monitoring agent].

[NOTE]
The APIs and policies that Anypoint Visualizer displays in the Policy visualization come from an update to the agent. As a result, policies are shown in Anypoint Visualizer only if your deployments use an agent from December 19, 2019 or later.

== Enable Header Injection

Anypoint Visualizer requires header injection for standalone Mule deployments so that the deployments display the correct connections.

> However, due to a potential performance impact, header injection is disabled by default for Mule version 4.x with Anypoint Monitoring agent released before <insert UA 2.2.2 hybrid release date>. You must enable header injection at the server (not app) level.

Reviewer: Apr 6 2020

Author: ```suggestion
However, due to a potential performance impact, header injection is disabled by default for Mule version 4.x with Anypoint Monitoring Agent released before April 6, 2020. You must enable header injection at the server (not app) level.
```

`anypoint.platform.config.analytics.agent.header_injection.disabled=false`
You must set the property to `false`, as shown in the example to enable header injection, because the property is disabled by default.

> Additionally, you must use version 1.5.12 or higher of the HTTP connector in your Mule 4 applications.

Reviewer 2: ditto later, Connector

Author: ```suggestion
Additionally, you must use version 1.5.12 or later of the HTTP Connector in your Mule 4 applications.
```
